# FYI-CORE
FYI core is a minimalist Webframework utilizing PHP and HTML/JavaScript.

All PHP calls are implemented as REST queries, PHP won't generate any HTML output.

# But why?

Why did I create yet another framework? Well, most come with a lot of functions, and a very steep learning curve.
I wanted to reduce the framework to the absolute minimum and gaining the best performance while maintaining live modularity.

# Implementation

## Overview

Per default, index.html is shown. At this point, the main JavaScript application is loaded and provides the data-href links.
A click will automatically load templates/COMPONENT_NAME/PAGE_NAME.html and js/COMPONENT_NAME/PAGE_NAME.html

## Links

Internal links are generated by applying the class "js-link" and setting data-href="module:page"

## Creating

### Components
New components can be created using the helper:

./helper component COMPONENT_NAME


### Pages

New pages within components can be created using the helper:

./helper page COMPONENT_NAME PAGE_NAME


## ORM

FYI utilizes a minimalistic ORM. Borrowed from Zend, we use a Model class for model representation, and a ModelMapper class for filling it.

The model mapper class is typically derived from the DatabaseMapper, which in return is derived from the actual driver class (e.g., SqliteMapper)

# Packages

FYI uses its own package manager. A package is a zip-file with a JSON-Manifest, scripts and the files themselves.

## Structure

- PACKAGE.zip
  - space.bastie.plugin.ap
    - Manifest.json
    - files
      - all files your package needs
    - scripts
      - install.php
      - uninstall.php
      - upgrade.php
    
## MANIFEST

<pre>
{
  "package": {
    "name": "space.bastie.plugin.bank",
    "friendly-name": "Bank Plugin",
    "version": "0.1",
    "dependencies": [],
  },
  "author": {
    "name": "Bastian Luettig",
    "email": "bastian.luettig@bastie.space",
    "website": "www.bastie.space",
    "license": "commercial"
  },
  "files": [
    {
      "filename": "blubb",
      "sha1": ""
    }
  ]
}
</pre>

